c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.dll
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.pdb
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.dll
c:\users\camilo_orrego\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.pdb
C:\Users\camilo_orrego\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\camilo_orrego\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\camilo_orrego\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\camilo_orrego\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\camilo_orrego\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\obj\Debug\TestApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\camilo_orrego\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TestApp\TestApp\TestApp\bin\Debug\TestApp.dll.mdb
